[Applause]
Des placed from her home in B hanon in
Northern Gaza 18-year-old du zani now
lives in an evacuation Center for many
young people Israel's war on Gaza has
turned classrooms into makeshift homes
and shelters every inch of space is used
Palestinian students have counted the
days since the beginning of the war like
prisoners in Seal they cross off the
days that turned into weeks then months
do not give up someone wrote and in a
corner of this cramped space Dua still
studies despite the buming despite being
death placed for her the passion for
learning remains strong Palestinian
students now are not thinking about
education at all they're thinking about
how they where they can get food water
and where they can sleep but she won't
be able to set her final exams known as
T exams and she won't be able to go to
university all the universities in Gaza
are either damaged or destroyed I miss
my Institute a lot it was my old life
like I was going I was like went to
school have my study see my friend my
teachers it was fun some students have
managed to escape this trip and continue
their studies approach the occupation
destroyed so like hundreds of of uh
schools so I cannot even study anymore
here in Gaza but uh seeing uh your
friends going outside and join their
exams is somehow affected me but I will
not give it up and then there are the
friends and family who have been lost or
have left the lines on the board read
the longing is making me suffer the
nights apart make me suffer
education for Palestinian students is
the main source of Hope in order to get
a better lifestyle under the occupation
now with the destruction of hundreds of
schools and universities this year is
extremely extraordinary for Palestinian
students especially at the high school
who are unable to undergo their exams
because of the ongoing Israeli offensive
on the territory Taz Al
jazer Palestine
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jaaz